[Moderator speaking Spanish] When you arrive at this web page, how did you find information in Spanish?
[Moderator speaking Spanish] What do you look for?
[Test participant 16 speaking Spanish] I look for the "Language" button.
[Test participant 15 speaking Spanish] I look for a pull-down menu with the option to select languages. [garbled]
[Test participant 16 speaking Spanish] I select the "burger" icon on my cell phone.
[Test participant 15 speaking Spanish]  Yes.
[Test participant 16 speaking Spanish] If there is not a "Languages" option,
[Test participant 16 speaking Spanish] I translate the content using Google Translator. [garbled]
[Moderator speaking Spanish] Do you want to find the word "Languages"?
[Test participants 15 and 16 speaking Spanish] Yes.